I've had a lot of role models. Um, my grandmother, when I was much younger,
was a powerful role model for me. She was very smart woman, very
interested in a lot of things. Um, like botany and arts and crafts
and making things and cooking. Um I mean, there, you know, name a
craft. She did it and she taught me how to do all of them. And so I
really learned how Thio make a lot of things. And I think that the overall
thing that that did for me is it kind of taught me that, like,
I could do a lot of stuff. I could make a lot of stuff so often times,
you know, when I'm out and about in the world shopping or something,
and I'll see something and I'll be like, Oh, that's really cool.
And then my second thought will be like, I could make that Andi.
I think that that really came from her influence, that that kind of
ability or confidence in my own abilities Thio make something. Um and
then my mom has been a really strong role model for me. Um, in that
she is a very independent woman. I think for her she was a little
ahead of her time. She came from kind of a more conservative family
with more conservative gender roles, which she pretty much defied her
whole life and in some ways paid the price for that. Um, but she's
always just lived really true to herself. And, um, that has been important
for me in my own life, to kind of have that influence to see
like, yeah, you just you need toe make your rules. And the rules you
follow are the ones that make sense to you. You don't just, you know,
let other people, for instance, do your thinking for you. You you
think things out for yourself. Um and then my stepmother has been
amazing role model to me. She had had a pretty high powered career in
in health care while she was also raising my younger brothers and,
you know, watching her kind of achieve that balance, or at least a
semblance of that balance. But, you know, between having a career that
she was just really passionate about and really loved, and then also
having a family, that she was very devoted thio, um and seeing you
know how she kind of managed that, um was really, really important
for me and especially once I became a parent, I relied on her wisdom
and advice on how to kind of manage both of these really important
parts of my life.